README.md, before:

# Awesome Google [![Awesome](https://awesome.re/badge.svg)](https://awesome.re)

A curated list of Google tools and products.

## Table of Contents
1. [Search & Information](#search--information)
2. [Language & Translation](#language--translation)
3. [Developer Tools & APIs](#developer-tools--apis)
4. [Design Assets & Resources](#design-assets--resources)
5. [Data & Analytics](#data-analytics)
6. [AI & Machine Learning](#ai--machine-learning)

## Search & Information
- [Google Search](https://www.google.com) - Core web search engine with advanced operators.
- [Google Scholar](https://scholar.google.com) - Academic papers, patents and citations explorer.
- [Google Patents](https://patents.google.com) - Full-text patent search and family data.
- [Google Books](https://books.google.com) - Search inside millions of digitized books.
- [Google News](https://news.google.com) - Aggregated news search by topic, date, location.
- [Google Shopping](https://shopping.google.com) - Compare product listings, prices and reviews.
- [Google Flights](https://www.google.com/flights) - Fast search for flight availability, prices and trends.

## Language & Translation
- [Google Translate](https://translate.google.com) - Instant text, document & website translation across 100+ languages.
- [Google Ngram Viewer](https://books.google.com/ngrams) - Explore historical word usage trends across digitized books in multiple languages.

## Developer Tools & APIs
- [Google Cloud Platform](https://cloud.google.com) - Scalable cloud infrastructure, AI/ML services, and APIs.
- [Firebase](https://firebase.google.com) - Backend as a Service for app development with real-time database, auth, and more.
- [Google PageSpeed Insights](https://pagespeed.web.dev) - Web performance audit and optimization suggestions.

## Design Assets & Resources
- [Google Fonts](https://fonts.google.com) - Free, open-source web fonts library.
- [Google Icons](https://fonts.google.com/icons) - Set of open source material icons.
- [Material Design](https://m3.material.io) - Design system with guidelines, components, and tools.

## Data & Analytics
- [Google Analytics](https://analytics.google.com) - Web analytics service for tracking and reporting website traffic and user behavior.
- [Looker Studio](https://lookerstudio.google.com) - Data visualization and dashboard tool for turning data into customizable, shareable reports.

## AI & Machine Learning
- [Google Labs](https://labs.google) - Experimental AI powered tools and prototypes.
- [AI Studio](https://aistudio.google.com) - Web-based IDE for prototyping and deploying GenAI apps using Gemini models.
- [TensorFlow](https://www.tensorflow.org) - Open-source machine learning framework.

Commit message:

Add Google Trends to Data & Analytics section

README.md, after:

# Awesome Google [![Awesome](https://awesome.re/badge.svg)](https://awesome.re)

A curated list of Google tools and products.

## Table of Contents
1. [Search & Information](#search--information)
2. [Language & Translation](#language--translation)
3. [Developer Tools & APIs](#developer-tools--apis)
4. [Design Assets & Resources](#design-assets--resources)
5. [Data & Analytics](#data-analytics)
6. [AI & Machine Learning](#ai--machine-learning)

## Search & Information
- [Google Search](https://www.google.com) - Core web search engine with advanced operators.
- [Google Scholar](https://scholar.google.com) - Academic papers, patents and citations explorer.
- [Google Patents](https://patents.google.com) - Full-text patent search and family data.
- [Google Books](https://books.google.com) - Search inside millions of digitized books.
- [Google News](https://news.google.com) - Aggregated news search by topic, date, location.
- [Google Shopping](https://shopping.google.com) - Compare product listings, prices and reviews.
- [Google Flights](https://www.google.com/flights) - Fast search for flight availability, prices and trends.

## Language & Translation
- [Google Translate](https://translate.google.com) - Instant text, document & website translation across 100+ languages.
- [Google Ngram Viewer](https://books.google.com/ngrams) - Explore historical word usage trends across digitized books in multiple languages.

## Developer Tools & APIs
- [Google Cloud Platform](https://cloud.google.com) - Scalable cloud infrastructure, AI/ML services, and APIs.
- [Firebase](https://firebase.google.com) - Backend as a Service for app development with real-time database, auth, and more.
- [Google PageSpeed Insights](https://pagespeed.web.dev) - Web performance audit and optimization suggestions.

## Design Assets & Resources
- [Google Fonts](https://fonts.google.com) - Free, open-source web fonts library.
- [Google Icons](https://fonts.google.com/icons) - Set of open source material icons.
- [Material Design](https://m3.material.io) - Design system with guidelines, components, and tools.

## Data & Analytics
- [Google Analytics](https://analytics.google.com) - Web analytics service for tracking and reporting website traffic and user behavior.
- [Google Trends](https://trends.google.com) - Analyze the popularity of search queries over time and by region.
- [Looker Studio](https://lookerstudio.google.com) - Data visualization and dashboard tool for turning data into customizable, shareable reports.

## AI & Machine Learning
- [Google Labs](https://labs.google) - Experimental AI powered tools and prototypes.
- [AI Studio](https://aistudio.google.com) - Web-based IDE for prototyping and deploying GenAI apps using Gemini models.
- [TensorFlow](https://www.tensorflow.org) - Open-source machine learning framework.
